Investigating and mitigating Arduino memory leak behaviors

This repo includes two libraries and four sketches.  The MemoryFree library is taken entirely from the Arduino forums; it determines how much RAM is available for allocation.  This is nice for debugging.  The Watchdog library is written by me, based on some forum posts.  It nicely sets and clears watchdog timers, and allows you to perform an on-demand watchdog reset if something seems wrong.

The sketches demonstrate the usage and limits of these two libraries.
1. the LeakingMemory sketch shows that when you leak memory, things stop working.  Although the leaks in this sketch are contrived, the failure mode is very similar to one I experience quite regularly when there are memory leaks (I'm looking at you, Arduino String library): the AVR will "allocate" more memory than is actually available, and efforts to use that memory will cause the system to hang.
2. the TimerWatchdog sketch shows how to use simple "no response" watchdog logic.  This watchdog timer is very effective for things like unexpected delays, logic failures that cause infinite loops, etc.  Unfortunately, in the failure mode this sketch exhibits, the watchdog timer DOES NOT FIRE.  Although the system displays no signs of life, the watchdog timer fails to reset the system.  TODO figure out why! In theory, once the watchdog has been patted once, it can not be disabled until after a reset; it should not be possible for a runaway pointer to disable it.  Also, the wdt_set function seems to be using WDE instead of WDIE, so no software interrupts should be relevant.
3. the MemoryWatchdog sketch works around the TimerWatchdog issue by asserting that there should always be 512 free bytes of RAM at the heartbeat.  This works pretty well, though of course the "free RAM" threshold is different for each program.
4. the ComprehensiveWatchdog sketch is a combination of TimerWatchdog and MemoryWatchdog.  Pretty straightforward.  Bear in mind that because the failure mode of this sketch is as described in (2), the TimerWatchdog isn't really helping here, but still a nice idea.